Readme "deploy" topic update (#148)
convisoappsec/conviso-docs: README.md

View all [documentation](https://docs.convisoappsec.com/) and walk-through our code samples on the website.

## Installation

To contribute to the project, you will need to install some dependencies in your local environment. Here are the requirements:

- Node.js >= 12.13.0
- Yarn >= 1.5

### Installation of Node.js

To install Node.js, follow the instructions [here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/).

### Yarn Installation

To install Yarn, run the following command:
```bash
yarn install

> ```

Reviewer: Esse comando não instala o yarn em si e sim as denpendências necessárias para usar o repositório

## Getting Started

To start the project, run the following command:
```bash
yarn start
```

This command starts a local development server and opens up a browser window. Most changes are reflected live without having to restart the server.

Please note that instructions may vary depending on the operating system used. For more information, see [here](https://docusaurus.io/docs/installation).

## Deploy

This repository is configured to deliver updates continuously and efficiently to production. Whenever a push is performed on the main branch (main), the process will be triggered automatically. 

> If you want to know more about this process, see [here](https://github.com/convisoappsec/flow-docs/blob/main/.github/workflows/main.ym)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to know more about this process, see [here](https://github.com/convisoappsec/conviso-docs/blob/main/.github/workflows/main.yml)
```

Author: Obrigadão, pessoal! Fiz as atualizações.

To install Yarn, run the following command:
```bash

> npm install --global yarn

Reviewer: Acho que não faz sentido o global se não vai instalar todos os pacotes do projeto no computador da pessoa e as vezes está instalando para criar algo rápido e deleta.

```

To test that the installation was successful:
```bash

> yarn --version

Reviewer: Usar npm lá em cima e yarn aqui embaixo, precisamos padronizar
